well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again and tonight we are going to talk
about none of the heavy news too heavy
news a day specifically chose a heavy
news day to talk about this because it's
question I get asked a lot how do you
keep going how do you not get worn down
you know when you immerse yourself in
the news all the time you get to see the
worst that humanity has to offer all the
time and it's in pursuit of a greater
good at least it should be
it's the idea what is that greater good
a better world right you want to build a
better world that future world is going
to be a reflection of us if we are worn
down and bitter and denying the
slightest joys that's what it's gonna be
she have to find happiness you have to
find joy it could be a lot of different
things can be listening to raindrops on
a tin roof that's that noise by the way
it could be music it's one of mine I
tend to listen to the music that
reflects the mood I want to be in rather
than the mood on it
that helps it could be anything anything
you find joy you find happiness that a
lot of times if you surround yourself
with other political people and you're
having fun somebody will find a way to
remind you that there are horrible
things going on and you shouldn't be it
shouldn't be having fun for those people
I'm going to read a passage I am a
Goldmann if you're not familiar with her
I strongly suggest reading some of the
work I did not believe that a cause
which stood for a beautiful ideal for
release and freedom from convention and
Prejudice should demand the denial of
life and joy I insisted that our cause
couldn't
expect me to become a nun and that the
movement would not be turned into a
cloister if it meant that I did not want
it I want freedom the right to
self-expression everybody's right to
beautiful radiant things this is kind of
where that idea I can't dance to it it's
not my revolution that's where it comes
from it's work culture whatever attitude
we have as we shape the future is going
to be the attitude of the future we have
to remember them so when you see
somebody that is politically active and
they are doing their part and more often
than not the people that get kind of
told well you know there are horrible
things happening and you're doing
whatever you're going to see a movie
doesn't matter there are more important
things you could be doing yeah there's
always something else you could be doing
world's pretty messed up but you have to
take care of yourself otherwise you
can't stay in the fight it's really
important it's good for your mindset and
if you experience joy and happiness
every once in a while go how to be a way
to do that it reminds you what you're
fighting for
it reminds you that this is what you
want for everybody and it keeps you
moving you can't live in a constant
state of angst you'll burn out you'll
burn out you'll become completely
ineffective something else that Emma
Goldman said she's had the greatest
phallus
is that the aims and purposes were one
thing and the methods and tactics or
something else I agree with that it's
the same principle
it's the same principle the methods in
tactics you use to achieve your aims are
gonna be reflected in those aims how
something comes into being is an
essential part of its nature if
something comes into being full of anger
it's gonna be angry now as far as the
heavy news today or what you're probably
watching this tomorrow there'll be a
part two to the Maddow interview we'll
talk about it then as far as Russia
don't panic it's not that big of a deal
it's just restructuring it's normal he's
done it before and today prior to the
interview have some fun do something
that makes you happy
because I got a feeling we're in for a
long road you're gonna need your
batteries charged anyway it's just a
thought y'all have a good night